chore(debugger): Add Noir Debugger README (#3735)
noir-lang/noir: tooling/debugger/README.md

# Noir Debugger

There are currently two ways of debugging Noir programs, both in active development and in experimental phase:

1. The REPL debugger, which currently ships with Nargo behind a feature flag.
2. The VS Code extension, which hasn't still reached minimum viability, and so must be manually set up.

This README explains how to use each of them as well as specifying which features are currently mature and which ones are unstable.

## Supported project types

At the time of writing, the debugger supports debugging binary projects, but not contracts. At the end of this README, we'll elaborate on what the current state of Noir contract debugging is, and the pre-requisites to fulfil.

## REPL debugger

In order to use the REPL debugger, you will need to install a new enough version of Nargo. At the time of writing, the nightly version is 0.20.0, so we'll base this guide on it.

Let's debug a simple circuit:

```
fn main(x : Field, y : pub Field) {
    assert(x != y);
}
```

> To start the REPL debugger, using a terminal, go to a Noir circuit's home directory. Then:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the REPL debugger, using a terminal, go to a Noir project's root directory. Then:
```
